What are you two chatting about?
I say, haven't seen you in ages.
Mr. Fan.
How is your book coming along?
Still about fifty thousand words short.
It'll be finished any moment now.
This...
Isn't this that crosstalk performer?
Called...
Called what's-his-name...
Professor!
Finally caught you.
What is it?
Look what you...
Left in the bathroom.
Shouldn't you thank me properly?
Thanks.
You didn't peek at anything you shouldn't have, right?
Look at this guy.
I didn't look at anything.
Happy now?
I just answered a call for you.
You answered it?
That wasn't the publisher, was it?
If not the publisher...
Who else could it be?
They aren't calling to rush the draft, are they?
No.
They asked me to tell you...
Just finish your manuscript within a week.
Don't rush at all.
Over fifty thousand words in a week...
How can I not rush?
It's not about whether you can...
Stop squawking like that.
It's early in the morning.
Is there a crow passing by?
I'm not going to banter with you.
I have to go back and write immediately.
The newspaper! That's my newspaper.
Boss Li.
You're finally back.
I have something urgent to discuss with you.
What is it now?
Speak.
Here's the thing.
Our community...
Is preparing to join the district's...
Elegant Senior Contest.
So according to the higher-ups...
Each residence will hold selections.
Specifically for our Changqing Residence...
We need to produce a skit.
I've discussed it with the students.
We unanimously recommend...
You to play the male lead in this skit.
He dies a miserable death.
It's a disaster.
Keep your voice down.
What happened now?
Don't ask.
Isn't our Changqingju putting on a skit?
I know about that.
They came to me first thing.
Why does it have to be me?
I don't want to give people the impression...
...that besides me in Changqingju...
...there are no capable people left?
Right?
You really can't refuse.
Can't refuse? I...
Let me tell you the truth.
Besides you...
...I have nowhere else to find...
...such a suitable candidate.
That really...
What do you mean?
Look here.
The Professor is busy rushing his draft.
Lao Liang went to the hospital for a checkup.
Rudy babbles on...
...and can't speak Chinese clearly.
Gou'er Ye is...
...confused about everything.
Me, Ms. Liu...
...and Grandma Jin are all women.
So you tell me...
...where else can we find such a candidate?
So you're asking me because no one else fits?
Right.
No.
Look at how clumsy I am with words.
I can't even explain things clearly.
Usually, we're afraid you're busy.
And we don't dare trouble you.
But now, we have to trouble you.
Besides...
...this male lead role...
...is simply custom-made...
...specifically designed for you.
Didn't they feel you were a bit lacking?
So Ms. Liu and Xiao Cai
came to find me.
They insisted I participate.
Pestering me endlessly.
Insisting that I join in.
It's miserable.
Just miserable.
If you're participating, then participate.
What's so miserable about it?
Just go ahead and do it.
They insisted I play the male lead.
Look here,
this male lead
is essentially a domineering CEO.
Usually,
he puts on official airs,
pretends to know what he doesn't,
is self-righteous,
and is a stubborn old man.
So, playing yourself.
What do they call it in the industry?
You wouldn't understand this.
Insiders call this "playing oneself."
Right.
Shoo.
Who?
Am I like that usually?
Usually you're exactly...
just...
very, very different from that character.
Because you
have great acting skills.
So whatever role you play, you look the part.
That is true.
Wherever I go, I'm a key artistic figure.
When I was a soldier in the army,
I was transferred to the division propaganda team.
Later, I just quit.
Alright.
So you,
can you promise to take this male lead
and nail it?
Then I'll reluctantly
give it a try.
You get to play the male lead and you call it miserable?
They think highly of you.
Don't act like a victim when you got lucky.
What luck?
Do you know who's playing the female lead?
The female lead?
That must be a gentle, kind,
young and beautiful,
middle-aged...
just a little bit past it, female comrade.
I'm asking who is playing it.
Is it Ms. Liu?
I...
No.
Xiao Cai is playing the female lead.
You're acting opposite her?
Exactly.
That really is miserable.
Thanks for understanding.
Understand what?
I mean poor Xiao Cai is miserable.
What kind of talk is that?
That she gets to act opposite me,
is a blessing she earned in a past life.
Look at how eccentric she usually is.
She can't get her lines out.
So what if she's eccentric?
Xiao Cai,
has a good heart.
She's just a bit simple-minded.
She's simple-minded?
I didn't see that.
If you didn't see that,
then you're the simple-minded one.
Nonsense.
Tell me how she's simple-minded.
Isn't it obvious?
If she wasn't simple-minded,
how could she pick you as the male lead?
Hey, what a thing to say.
So, anyone who picks me as male lead
is simple-minded?
Well, that...
That...
That Xiao Ying...
Fine.
Can you stop causing trouble?
I'm writing a draft here.
I don't have time to banter with you.
Fine.
Just you wait.
Shenzhou has gone to space
The national football team has clocked out
It's getting late
Dinner is ready
Old woman
I'm calling out "Old woman"
Why are you chiming in?
What? Do you want to help me rehearse?
Who's helping you rehearse?
I'm telling you...
...not to make a sound when speaking
How can one speak without making a sound?
Besides, I'm not "speaking"
I'm reciting lines. It's serious business
Can't you memorize silently?
A psychologist specializing in memory research,
Ebbinghaus
Alright
Habits formed over so many years,
Can't be changed overnight
Just bear with it
Shenzhou has gone to space
The national football team has clocked out
Hello, Chief Editor Fang
It's like this
I'm currently revising a manuscript
I don't have time to write anything else
You'd better find someone else
The national football team has clocked out
It has nothing to do with the payment
I really don't have the time
Clocked out
Right, clocked out
What "clocked out"?
Are you done yet?
I wasn't talking to you
Not talking to you
I'm talking to you
Not talking to you? Then talking to me
I'm talking to you!
I'm really not talking to you
He is talking to you
Hello?
I can't be bothered with you
Don't, don't hang up
Don't hang up
Can't you go somewhere else to recite?
Why should I?
You reciting here affects my writing
Well, your phone calls affect my reciting
You...
Uh, Director Yuan
The national football team went to space
Look
Can the national football team go to space?
I really don't have time these days. Dream on
I've said all I need to say
You should find someone else
You messed up my words
You're turning it around on me?
No
I wasn't talking to you. I'm blaming...
Not talking to you. Uh...
Alright, alright
I won't cause trouble for you anymore
I can't beat you, so I'll avoid you
I'll go recite outside
You'd better stay far away from me
No
I wasn't talking about you
Shenzhou has gone to space
The national football team has clocked out
Clocked out
Hello, Director Qiu
Hello
Finally, some peace
What is it?
Hello.
Look who's here.
Boss Li.
How is your skit rehearsal going?
It's miserable.
I didn't want to participate at first.
But they insisted I play the male lead.
I have a million things to do.
Where would I find the time?
He didn't ask you that.
Just tell us about the competition.
It's miserable.
We ended up in the semi-finals.
You made the semi-finals.
That's a good thing.
What's so good about it?
Being in the semi-finals
means we have to keep rehearsing at night.
Since we're in the semi-finals,
we have to win a prize, right?
I feel like right now,
the burden on my shoulders is quite heavy.
Don't worry.
With you in it, you definitely won't win.
You can rest assured.
Alright.
Let's not disturb him anymore.
Make room.
Let's go. I'm not eating.
I'm done eating.
Enjoy your meal.
Lao Fan
Is it because of what happened a couple of days ago
that you still can't let it go?
Don't worry.
I won't hold it against you.
What do you mean *you* won't hold it against *me*?
It's *me* who won't hold it against *you*.
Fine.
Alright, let's drop it for now.
How many words did you write today?
How many words?
Well...
I wrote five hundred words this morning.
A whole morning and only five hundred words?
At this speed,
how are you going to finish the task?
Tell me about it.
That's why I didn't even dare to eat lunch.
I buckled down...
in the afternoon,
and deleted another four hundred words.
So you only wrote one hundred words?
Why are you so slow?
It's not that I'm slow.
It's that people keep calling me.
If it's not my students,
it's my friends.
This one wants to commission an article,
that one invites me to give a lecture.
And others,
want me to be a guest speaker.
And some want me to attend seminars.
I spend all day just answering the phone.
If I don't agree,
they won't hang up.
Tell me, how am I supposed to write?
It's all the phone's fault.
How about I give you an idea?
What kind of rotten idea do you have?
My "rotten idea"...
What do you mean "rotten idea"?
It's a bona fide good idea.
What good idea?
Just don't answer the phone, problem solved.
But it's noisy.
That's why I say you're dumb.
Set your phone to silent mode.
Throw it in the drawer.
As the saying goes,
"What you don't hear won't bother you."
Is there such a saying?
Close enough.
This method of yours...
does it work?
What if someone is looking for me
for something important?
After you finish writing,
call them all back at once.
How's that for an idea?
Not great.
But I could give it a try.
Hurry up and eat, you haven't touched it.
I think...
when you finish saying this part,
shouldn't I respond to you?
Right, exactly.
Yes, that would be good.
Doesn't crosstalk have that thing...
the supporting role, right?
It's called a perfect match.
With you, when the time comes, really...
we...
Boss Li.
Why are you here so early?
No, wait, it seems...
it's not time for your...
Changqing Residence rehearsal yet, is it?
Is that so?
I came to see your Yannian Residence's program.
To learn a thing or two.
And to boost our confidence in winning the championship.
From what you're saying,
it seems like your Changqingju
is better than ours.
Better? No way.
Compared to you guys,
our Changqingju is way behind.
At least you have self-awareness.
You guys have everything.
Writers, directors, actors, costumes, makeup, props.
Right?
We have nothing at all.
We had to hire a director from the Central Academy of Drama,
borrow costumes from the People's Art Theatre,
hire makeup artists from the Beijing Film Academy,
rent sound equipment from the Communication University,
and ask CCTV for the script.
Only the actors are our own.
We're practically destitute.
I...
Turns out this young man
came here just to show off.
Elder Lü,
these days they don't call it showing off.
This is authentic
"Versailles."
I don't care what you call it.
Anyway, if you want to win the championship,
ultimately, it depends on acting skills.
Yes.
Speaking of acting skills,
we're even further behind you guys.
Yes.
But we invited Ms. Liu
to give us some pointers.
Ms. Liu Minzhi, do you know her?
From the Children's Art Theatre,
a famous performing artist.
I know.
Ms. Liu is... Get out!
You...
You haven't figured it out yet?
He's doing this to piss us off.
Annoying, so annoying.
If you want to win an award,
you have to rely on real skill.
Acting.
Right.
It must be based on real skill.
We're actually just here to participate.
Getting First Prize would be just passable.
You...
the way you talk, kid...
you are just too infuriating.
Little Li,
you...
although your education level isn't high,
I think there is a character
you should know.
Compared to you, my education level...
Any rare characters,
please feel free to ask.
Simple.
It has an "ear" radical on the left,
and "stop" on the right.
How do you pronounce this character?
On the left is...
This character is pronounced "Shame".
Good that you know.
This old man is calling me shameless.
Isn't he?
Professor
How's the progress today?
You're asking about the word count again, huh?
All morning today,
I wrote two thousand five hundred words.
Look at that.
Listening to me was right, wasn't it?
Two thousand five hundred words in just one morning.
But this afternoon I deleted three thousand words.
So you wrote nothing and actually owe five hundred.
So what should I do?
All day long,
I've been doing nothing but answering calls.
How am I supposed to write?
What I write looks like garbage even to me.
I have to say, you...
I told you,
put your phone on silent and keep it in the drawer.
Don't answer calls.
You just won't listen to the voice of experience.
Don't mention your lousy idea.
It messed up something important for me.
What important business do you have?
You don't hold a massive fortune,
and you don't command thousands of troops.
Just a lowly Professor,
and a retired one at that.
What big business could you have?
Don't look down on us intellectuals.
An old friend from my youth...
before his departure,
wanted to see me one last time.
Before his execution?
Your friend got shot?
Look at that.
Chose the wrong friends, didn't you?
Who? Who?
It's your friend who got shot!
I meant that...
this old friend of mine, his son
plans to take him abroad to settle down.
Before he left,
he wanted to see me one last time.
But because I put my phone on silent,
I missed the call.
Well, he's flown off now.
That is quite a pity, huh?
It seems not answering the phone
isn't such a good idea.
I've got it.
I have another idea.
Just fake an illness.
Fake an illness?
If you're sick,
when people look for you,
would they still have the nerve to bother you?
That actually...
that really is an idea.
Right?
But how do I fake it?
Look at you, honestly.
And you call yourself a Professor.
You don't even know how to fake being sick?
Didn't they teach that at your university?
Next time a call comes, just say...
Answer it!
Fake being sick!
Hello? Who is this?
Chef Wang?
Hello. What's up?
The food show on the Science Channel?
To be honest with you,
I really don't have time these days.
Fake illness!
I'm currently faking an illness.
No, I...
I'm currently sick.
What illness do I have?
How should I know?
How would I know?
No, I...
It's that I haven't decided yet.
No, wait.
It's...
it's that I haven't been diagnosed yet.
What a mess.
How is it?
Following this master's brilliant plan,
the calls have dropped off, right?
You don't say, they really have.
Listening to me was right.
Go create in peace.
I'm off to the rec room to rehearse.
I'll give you some space.
Thanks a lot.
Lao Li.
Wait a second.
Could you please tell...
Xiao Cai, Lao Liang,
Xiao Fang, plus Rudy and Gou'er Ye,
especially Ms. Liu,
just say I'm extremely busy lately.
Don't come by unless it's urgent.
I need to focus wholeheartedly
on writing my draft.
That's all nonsense.
Why would they visit you for no reason?
Especially Ms. Liu.
When has she ever sought you out?
It's all just your wishful thinking.
Get out.
You're annoying.
Who is it now? Come in.
Professor Fan. Grandpa Fan.
Yu Sheng? What are you all doing?
Professor Fan,
we heard you were sick.
We came to check on you,
to see if there's anything we can help with
or any care you need.
No need.
I...
I can manage by myself.
Why are you being so polite?
We came to the retirement community
specifically to serve the elders.
Students, really, there's no need.
Actually, I'm quite fine.
Grandpa Fan,
how about I go get Dr. Sun for you?
Wait here.
Don't!
Take a couple pills to suppress it.
No need.
How about checking your temperature?
Drink some hot water then?
Just great.
Another day gone to waste.